Undo (double) mirroring in `ski2.morphology.dilation` (#8060)
scikit-image/scikit-image: doc/source/user_guide/skimage2_migration.md

)
```

### Grayscale morphological operators in `skimage.morphology`

The functions

- `skimage.morphology.erosion`
- `skimage.morphology.dilation`
- `skimage.morphology.opening`
- `skimage.morphology.closing`
- `skimage.morphology.white_tophat`
- `skimage.morphology.black_tophat`

are deprecated in favor of counterparts in `skimage2.morphology` with new behavior:

- All functions now default to `mode='ignore'` (was `mode='reflect'`).

> - Additionally, `skimage.morphology.dilation`, `skimage.morphology.closing`, and `skimage.morphology.black_tophat` now also mirror the footprint (invert its order in each dimension).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additionally, `skimage2.morphology.dilation`, `skimage2.morphology.closing`, and `skimage2.morphology.black_tophat` now mirror the footprint (i.e., invert its order in each dimension).
```

Author: Good catch! 

I don't think _i.e._ is well known. I'll expand it to _that is_. Same logic as for _e.g._ to _for example_.

Reviewer: Using "that is" is correct, for sure. It's just that "i.e." is particularly fitting in a technical context and even more specifically in {parentheses, footnotes, references} (and it is 'well-known').

Author: Well, I had to look up the exact meaning of "i.e.". I don't think that knowledge gap would have hindered me in practice, but I've been thinking about avoiding latin-derived acronyms in technical writing. 

But I grant you that many in our academic audience are familiar with this. I did some digging and came up with this [somewhat opinionated article](https://bernoff.com/blog/i-hate-etc-i-e-and-e-g-you-should-too-heres-how-to-fix-them). I'm curious what you think, and interested in finding common ground, since I suspect that we might encounter this again otherwise.

Feel welcome to push yourself or let me know if I should do so.

> - Additionally, `skimage2.morphology.dilation`, `skimage2.morphology.closing`, and `skimage2.morphology.black_tophat` now also mirror the footprint (invert its order in each dimension).

Reviewer 2: Perfect, thanks!

>   This does only impacts behavior for asymmetric/eccentric footprints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note this only impacts behavior for asymmetric/eccentric footprints.
```

>   Note this only impacts behavior for asymmetric/eccentric footprints.

Author: I wanted to establish these two as equivalent because _eccentric_ is used in other places. Should we conform to one of those terms? I'd personally prefer _asymmetric_ but I wasn't sure if _eccentric_ was used because it's more established in context of footprints.

:::{admonition} Background for changes
:class: note dropdown

The new behavior ensures that `closing` and `opening` (the composition of `erosion` and `dilation`) behave _extensive_ and _anti-extensive_ by default.
This change also aligns the behavior for asymmetric/eccentric footprints with SciPy's `scipy.ndimage.grey_*` functions.

Refer to [gh-6665](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/issues/6665), [gh-6676](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/issues/6676), [gh-8046](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/8046), and [gh-8060](https://github.com/scikit-image/scikit-image/pull/8060) for more details.
:::

To keep the old (`skimage`, v1.x) behavior:

- Set `mode='reflect'` explicitly.
  If you set it explicitly before, the behavior is unchanged.

> - If you use an asymmetric `footprint` with `dilation`, `closing` or `black_tophat`, modify it like this before passing it to the `skimage2.morphology` counterpart:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If you currently use an asymmetric `footprint` with `dilation`, `closing` or `black_tophat`, you can retain existing results by modifying the footprint as follows, before passing it to `skimage2.morphology`:
```

  ```python
  footprint = ski2.morphology.pad_footprint(footprint, pad_end=False)
  footprint = ski2.morphology.mirror_footprint(footprint)
  ```

For example:

> ```python

Reviewer 2: If eccentric and asymmetric are equivalent words, use `asymmetric` only. If not, explain the difference somewhere.
